Issue #32 Add Recommended Custom Instructions (#37)
ykdojo/kaguya: README.md

1. If you want Kaguya to be able to interact with your files, put them in the FILES folder.
1. Note: Kaguya won't have access to files outside of its own directory.

## Recommended Custom Instructions

> 1. When editing a file of 50+ lines with Kaguya, use search and replace, not ```updateWholeFile```. Confirm with me before editing a file.

Reviewer: I think these should be in a code block format and ready for copy & pasting - what do you think?

Author: That would be better, I'll make changes and send back.

Author: Were you able to view the second commit ok? I changed to block format for easy copy and pasting and not sure if I re-pushed the pull request correctly the second time around. Let me know thanks!

1. If you want Kaguya to be able to interact with your files, put them in the FILES folder.
1. Note: Kaguya won't have access to files outside of its own directory.

## Recommended Custom Instructions 

```

> When editing a file of 50+ lines with Kaguya, use search and replace, not updateWholeFile. Confirm with me before editing a file. 
> When you have output from Kaguya, there's no need to repeat everything from there. Instead, you can summarize it concisely. 
> When you want to use executeCommand in a subdirectory, make sure to cd there first every time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing a file, use search and replace and NOT updateWholeFile unless we're dealing with a very small file. Confirm with me before you edit a file.

When you have output from Kaguya, there's no need to repeat everything from there. Instead, you can summarize it concisely.

When you want to use executeCommand in a subdirectory, make sure to cd there first every time.
```
